README.md, before:


# SpyderX's Color Checkr24 Chart
The digital version of SpyderX's color chart that comes with the SpyderX Photo Kit.

I wanted something like this image, with correct colors, but couldn't find it anywhere on the DataColor website, or anywhere online, so I created one myself. The values from the sRGB column were used (not the Adobe RGB or Lab columns).

This image is based off of this document: [SpyderCheckr_Color_Data_V2.pdf](https://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/answers/uploaded_files/321850/SpyderCheckr_Color_Data_V2.pdf)

The spreadsheet is based off of this page (but I fixed some typos that the website had, so my spreadsheet should be more accurate than this web page): [Color Definitions](https://www.bartneck.de/2017/10/24/patch-color-definitions-for-datacolor-spydercheckr-48/)

Use at your own risk.

<img width="550px" src="SpyderXCheckr24Chart.jpg" />


Tags: Macbeth, ColorChecker, Color, Colour, Checker, Checkr, Card, Sheet, Spyder, SpyderX, Datacolor, Chart, Photo Kit, DisplayCAL, Image, PNG, JPEG, JPG, Match, Krita, Photoshop

Commit message:

Set the sRGB profile in Krita to "sRGB IEC61966-2.1" instead of what it was set to "sRGB Built-in" (just to be little closer to the standard, although I'm not sure it makes a difference), and added instruction for Krita since colors displayed in Krita may be wrong for people if they do not set this.

README.md, after:


# SpyderX's Color Checkr24 Chart
The digital version of SpyderX's color chart that comes with the SpyderX Photo Kit.

I wanted something like this image, with correct colors, but couldn't find it anywhere on the DataColor website, or anywhere online, so I created one myself. 

In Krita (version 4.4.1), the colors will appear wrong if you don't set your display .icc profile to the profile created with your SpyderX device. To do this, go to "Settings>Configure Krita...>Color Management>Display> Screen #" and set it to your newly created profile.

This image is based off of this document (The values from the sRGB column were used (not the Adobe RGB or Lab columns)): [SpyderCheckr_Color_Data_V2.pdf](https://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/answers/uploaded_files/321850/SpyderCheckr_Color_Data_V2.pdf)

The spreadsheet is based off of this page (but I fixed some typos that the website had, so my spreadsheet should be more accurate than this web page): [Color Definitions](https://www.bartneck.de/2017/10/24/patch-color-definitions-for-datacolor-spydercheckr-48/)

Use at your own risk.

<img width="550px" src="SpyderXCheckr24Chart.jpg" />

Tags: Macbeth, ColorChecker, Color, Colour, Checker, Checkr, Card, Sheet, Spyder, SpyderX, Datacolor, Chart, Photo Kit, DisplayCAL, Image, PNG, JPEG, JPG, Match, Krita, Photoshop
